index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Home
nav_order: 1
description: "Course notes and materials for Introduction to Autonomous Mobile Robots"
permalink: /
---

# Autonomous Mobile Robots
{: .fs-9 }

Course notes, assignments, and projects for Introduction to Autonomous Mobile Robots.
{: .fs-6 .fw-300 }

[Get started with Notes](/amr-notes/notes/){: .btn .btn-primary .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 .mr-2 }
[View on GitHub](https://github.com/vivekmattam02/amr-notes){: .btn .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 }

---

## Course Overview

This site contains organized materials for the Autonomous Mobile Robots course, including:

- **Notes**: Lecture notes and theoretical foundations
- **Assignments**: Problem sets, derivations, and worked solutions
- **Projects**: Implementation examples, code samples, and reports
- **Appendix**: Reference materials and mathematical supplements


## Taught by

Dr. Aliasghar Arab


- **Email**: aliasghar.arab@nyu.edu
- **Course Assistant**: Vivek Mattam, vm2677@nyu.edu

## Quick Links

- [View all notes](/amr-notes/notes/)
- [Browse assignments](/amr-notes/assignments/)
- [Explore projects](/amr-notes/projects/)
- [Reference appendix](/amr-notes/appendix/)

Commit message:

Add course image and instructor bio with Google Scholar link

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Home
nav_order: 1
description: "Course notes and materials for Introduction to Autonomous Mobile Robots"
permalink: /
---

# Autonomous Mobile Robots
{: .fs-9 }

Course notes, assignments, and projects for Introduction to Autonomous Mobile Robots.
{: .fs-6 .fw-300 }

[Get started with Notes](/amr-notes/notes/){: .btn .btn-primary .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 .mr-2 }
[View on GitHub](https://github.com/vivekmattam02/amr-notes){: .btn .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 }

---

![ASAS Labs AV AMR]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/ASAS_LABS_AV_AMR.jpg)

## Course Overview

This site contains organized materials for the Autonomous Mobile Robots course, including:

- **Notes**: Lecture notes and theoretical foundations
- **Assignments**: Problem sets, derivations, and worked solutions
- **Projects**: Implementation examples, code samples, and reports
- **Appendix**: Reference materials and mathematical supplements


## Taught by

### Dr. Aliasghar Arab

Dr. Aliasghar Arab holds a Bachelor in Robotics Engineering and has been focused on designing and implementing control methods and motion planning algorithms for safety and robustness enhancement of AMR and AVs in the past two decades.

- **Email**: aliasghar.arab@nyu.edu
- **Google Scholar**: [View Profile](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=spAwBfQAAAAJ&hl=en)
- **Course Assistant**: Vivek Mattam, vm2677@nyu.edu

## Quick Links

- [View all notes](/amr-notes/notes/)
- [Browse assignments](/amr-notes/assignments/)
- [Explore projects](/amr-notes/projects/)
- [Reference appendix](/amr-notes/appendix/)
