notes/index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Notes
nav_order: 2
has_children: true
permalink: /notes/
---

# Lecture Notes

Course lecture slides for Autonomous Mobile Robots.

## Available Lectures

| Lecture | Topic | Download |
|---------|-------|----------|
| Lecture 1 | Introduction | [PowerPoint]({{ site.baseurl }}/slides/AMR%20_Lecture%20_1.pptx) |
| Lecture 2 | [Topic] | [PowerPoint]({{ site.baseurl }}/slides/%20AMR_Lecture_2.pptx) |
| Lecture 3 | [Topic] | [PowerPoint]({{ site.baseurl }}/slides/AMR_Lecture_3.pptx) |
| Lecture 4 | [Topic] | [PowerPoint]({{ site.baseurl }}/slides/AMR_Lecture_4%20_.pptx) |
| Lecture 5 | [Topic] | [PowerPoint]({{ site.baseurl }}/slides/AMR_Lecture_5.pptx) |
| Lecture 6 | [Topic] | [PDF]({{ site.baseurl }}/slides/AMR_Lecture_6.pdf) |
| Lecture 7 | [Topic] | [PDF]({{ site.baseurl }}/slides/AMR_Lecture_7.pdf) |
| Lecture 8 | [Topic] | [PDF]({{ site.baseurl }}/slides/AMR%20-%20Lecture_8.pdf) |
| Lecture 9 | [Topic] | [PDF]({{ site.baseurl }}/slides/AMR_Lecture_9.pdf) |
| Examples | Practice Problems | [PDF]({{ site.baseurl }}/slides/EXAMPLES.pdf) |

---

## How to Use

1. Click on the download link for the lecture you want to view
2. The slides will download to your computer
3. Open with PowerPoint (for .pptx files) or any PDF viewer (for .pdf files)

## Note

You can add lecture topics by editing this file and replacing `[Topic]` with the actual lecture topics.

Commit message:

Update notes to link to Google Drive slides

notes/index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Notes
nav_order: 2
has_children: true
permalink: /notes/
---

# Lecture Notes

Course lecture slides for Autonomous Mobile Robots.

## Available Lectures

| Lecture | Format | Link |
|---------|--------|------|
| Lecture 1 | Google Slides | [View Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1_PCK173-5XBfSuWkFjHK11cIjD5_xtXbXBXZDQmi2Y4/edit?usp=drive_link) |
| Lecture 2 | Google Slides | [View Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1NMWc1V2Qctzb6paN7esHMiXA2CcrhYWME5T-BtjgDuo/edit?usp=drive_link) |
| Lecture 3 | Google Slides | [View Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mvdP7Dv9RZRr8ZG9wSL4h9LFLS-Ls79Ai2YYMBFucZk/edit?usp=drive_link) |
| Lecture 4 | Google Slides | [View Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/18i2rkAIUm81_QH6gPNFczdOLo76nc5n4P1r-FuIrafE/edit?usp=drive_link) |
| Lecture 5 | Google Slides | [View Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1j5n9Y_NP-ytJsgGWAEoAiHH6pxIoP_ssTOdUDgtTulI/edit?usp=drive_link) |
| Lecture 6 | PDF | [View PDF](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1IunTk2OgFqEe3DpPIut-Q2mZ6o5hWjgm/view?usp=drive_link) |
| Lecture 7 | PDF | [View PDF](https://drive.google.com/file/d/14gJZit8pro84g6bhgDJ2ryNN9aqXq72m/view?usp=drive_link) |
| Lecture 8 | PDF | [View PDF](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1OB91nBh-6ohOZ2lZGnvlmy4GegHlE1al/view?usp=drive_link) |
| Lecture 9 | PDF | [View PDF](https://drive.google.com/file/d/14Rn0ZiBCSMPZUvc7IaWeEKE83h3j_4hw/view?usp=drive_link) |
| Examples | PDF | [View PDF](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hKp-jc3QsYU7z9j5oOnc3FrGk9BgD329/view?usp=drive_link) |

---

## How to Use

1. Click on the "View Slides" or "View PDF" link for the lecture you want to view
2. The slides will open directly in Google Drive (no download needed)
3. For Google Slides, you can view in presentation mode
4. For PDFs, you can view or download from Google Drive
